feat: Fabric docs (#170)
GlareDB/glaredb.github.io: _glaredb/connections-and-integrations/fabric.md

---
layout: default
title: Fabric
parent: Connections and integrations
---

# Fabric

[Microsoft Fabric] provides a suite of data analytics, data engineering, and BI
tools on the Azure platform.

In this guide, we'll walk through how to install and run GlareDB using a
Notebook in Fabric.

## Running GlareDB in a notebook

The first step to running GlareDB in Fabric is to create a notebook. A notebook
can be created by selecting **Notebook (Preview)** from the **Create** tab.

![create]

Once created, you'll be dropped into the notebook where you can begin execution
python cells.

> Now we're able to install the [glaredb python library] by execution the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now we're able to install the [glaredb python library] by executing the
```

following in a python cell:

```text
!pip install glaredb
```

> If everything install successfully, you should now be able to import and run
> glaredb:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If everything installed successfully, you should be able to import and use glaredb:
```

```python
import glaredb

con = glaredb.connect()
con.sql("select 'hello from fabric'").show()
```

And this is what the output should look like:

![success]

## Connecting to GlareDB Cloud from Fabric

Connecting to GlareDB Cloud from Fabric is easy once you've created a deployment

> on GlareDB Cloud. To get connection details for the deployment, click the

Reviewer: I'd href all mentions of `GlareDB Cloud` to https://console.glaredb.com

Reviewer: Wording suggestion:

Connecting to [GlareDB Cloud](https://console.glaredb.com/) to your deployment is easy. If you're
a new user, a deployment is automatically created for you. If you have multiple, select the one
that you'd like to connect with. To get connection details ....

**Connect** button then select the **Python** tab. This will provide credentials

> that you can use when connecting via the python library.

Reviewer: Suggestion: swap `credentials` for URI (or similar)

![connect]

Now that you have your credentials, you can now to GlareDB cloud from Fabric by

> providing the credentials to the `connect` function:

Reviewer: Paste the URI from the prior step in the `connect` function:
